.TH CRASHWRITE 1 1999-08-01 "Johan Billing" "CrashMail"
.SH NAME
crashwrite \- Creates PKT file from text file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B crashwrite
DIR directory
[FROMNAME string] [FROMADDR node] [TONAME string] [TOADDR node]
[SUBJECT string]
[AREA area] [ORIGIN origin] [TEXT filename] [NOMSGID] [FILEATTACH]
[PKTFROMADDR node] [PKTTOADDR node] PASSWORD [string]
.SH DESCRIPTION
CrashWrite reads a text file and creates a .pkt file that can be processed
by CrashMail. This can be used to post announcements and other messages in
areas. The best way to use CrashWrite is to let it generate packets in a
separate directory and then toss them with TOSSDIR NOSECURITY.
.PP
There are many keywords for CrashWrite. All keywords are optional except for
DIRECTORY. If you do not enter a keyword, a default value will be used.
.SH OPTIONS
.PD 0
.TP
.I FROMNAME string
.TP
.I FROMADDR node
.TP
.I TONAME string
.TP
.I TOADDR node
.TP
.I SUBJECT string
Use these keywords to set the header of the message. You only need to enter
TONAME and TOADDR for netmails.
.PD
.TP
.PD 0
.TP
.I PKTFROMADDR node
.TP
.I PKTTOADDR node
Use these if you want to set the origin and destination address of the packet to 
something other than the origin and destination address of the message 
inside the packet. If you do not specify these keywords, FROMADDR and 
TOADDR will be used for the packet as well.
.PD
.TP
.I PASSWORD string
You can use this keyword to set a password for the packet. The maximum
length of the password is eight characters.
.TP
.I AREA area
The area the message should be posted in. If you do not enter an area, the
message will be sent as a netmail.
.TP
.I ORIGIN origin
The origin line for the message. This keyword has no effect for netmail
messages.
.TP
.I DIR directory
The directory where the packet should be placed.
.TP
.I TEXT filename
The name of a text file that should be included as the message text.
.TP
.I NOMSGID
Prevents CrashWrite from adding a MSGID line.
.TP
.I FILEATTACH
Sets the file-attach flag for netmails. The filename should be put in the
subject line.
.\"SH EXAMPLES
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR crashmail (1)
.\"SH FILES
.\"SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
CrashMail is written by Johan Billing <billing@df.lth.se>
.PP
This manual page was written by Peter Karlsson <peter@softwolves.pp.se>
