.TH CRASHMAIL 1 1999-08-01 "Johan Billing" "CrashMail"
.SH NAME
crashmail \- A Fidonet *.JAM and MSG tosser
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B crashmail
[SETTINGS filename]
[SCAN] [TOSS]
[TOSSFILE filename] [TOSSDIR directory]
[SCANAREA area] [SCANLIST filename]
[SENDLIST address] [SENDQUERY address] [SENDUNLINKED address]
[SENDHELP address] [SENDINFO address] [REMOVE address]
[RESCAN area RESCANNODE node [RESCANMAX max]]
[VERSION] [LOCK] [UNLOCK] [NOSECURITY]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Welcome to CrashMail II! CrashMail II is basically a more portable version
of CrashMail, my tosser for Amiga computers. Users of the old Amiga
version will probably find some things familiar while some features are
gone such as the ARexx port (for obvious reasons!) and the GUI
configuration editor. The only feature that CrashMail II has and the old
CrashMail hasn't is support for JAM messagebases.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I SCAN
Scan all areas for messages to export.
.TP
.I TOSS
Toss all .pkt files and bundles in inbound directory.
.TP
.I TOSSFILE filename
Toss the specified file.
.TP
.I TOSSDIR directory
Toss all files in the specified directory.
.TP
.I SCANAREA area
Scan the specified area.
.TP
.I SCANLIST filename
Scan all areas listed in the specified file.
.TP
.I RESCAN area
.PD 0
.TP
.I RESCANNODE node
.TP
.I RESCANMAX max
Rescans the specied area for the specied node. If RESCANMAX is specified,
it sets the maximum number of messages to rescan.
.PD
.TP
.I SENDQUERY address
Send a list of linked areas to the REMOTESYSOP of the specified node.
.PD
.TP
.I SENDLIST address
Send a list of available areas to the REMOTESYSTEOP of specified node.
.PD
.TP
.I SENDUNLINKED address
Send a list of unlinked areas to the REMOTESYSOP of the specified node.
.PD
.TP
.I SENDHELP address
Send Areafix help file to the REMOTESYSOP on the specified node.
.PD
.TP
.I SENDINFO address
Send Areafix information (password, group access) to the REMOTESYSOP
on the specified node.
.PD
.TP
.I SETTINGS filename
Use this configuration file instead of the default.You can use the 
environment variable CMCONFIGFILE to set the default configuration file.
.TP
.I VERSION
Show version information about CrashMail.
.TP
.I LOCK
Locks CrashMail's configuration file and then exits. CrashMail has a simple
locking mechanism to ensure that two instances of CrashMail never use the
same configuration file at the same time. You can use this if you want to
temporarily want to stop CrashMail from running, e.g. when updating the
nodelist.
.TP
.I UNLOCK
Removes the lock on CrashMail's configuration file. Only use this when the
configuration file previously has been locked with LOCK, otherwise terrible
things might happen.
.TP
.I NOSECURITY
Process all packets without security checks. This is intended to be used
mainly with TOSSDIR/TOSSFILE and with packets created by CrashWrite.
.\"SH EXAMPLES
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR crashexport (1),
.BR crashlist (1),
.BR crashmaint (1),
.BR crashwrite (1),
.BR crashgetnode (1),
.BR crashstats (1)
.SH FILES
.I crashmail.prefs
.SH BUGS
.SS Win32
If you want to use an old reader that only can handle 8+3 filenames,
you have to use %8 in the path of your
.I DEFAULT
area if you are using the auto-add feature.
This creates an 8 digit serial number to use as the path for the area.
Note that if CrashMail is run twice in a short period of time (a few seconds),
it might create duplicate paths.
Avoid %8 if it is at all possible.
.SS Linux
Don't use the ~ character in paths. Such paths are expanded to point
to your home directory by the shell and not by the i/o functions in
the system. They will not work in CrashMail.
.PP
In *.msg areas, make sure that all files are named *.msg and not *.MSG!
If they are not named in lowercase, CrashMail will not export them.
.PP
As an extra bonus, the Linux version of CrashMail can use the syslog instead
of using its own log file. Just use "syslog" as the name of your log file.
.PP
If the precompiled binaries in the CrashMail archive don't work on your
system, you will have to compile your own. See
.I src/ReadMe.txt
for more information about this.
.SH AUTHOR
CrashMail is written by Johan Billing <billing@df.lth.se>
.PP
This manual page was written by Peter Karlsson <peter@softwolves.pp.se>
